<p>You know how everyone hates vegans for being so outspoken about, well, all of it?
One might confuse a vegan for Jesus carrying his cross, their burden weighing
on their view of humanity, spreading their gospel at any chance.
Most people find their righteousness irritating and it often is
outwardly judgmental, but also… they’re just trying to do good. Right?
I’m not a vegan. But I appreciate that they have purpose.</p>

<p>Purpose is a beautiful thing, whether we all agree with it or not.
But what about when someone needs to make sure everyone who mentions
Game of Thrones knows that they think it’s boring or dumb? (GoT last season premiered
yesterday. Triggered much?)  What about when someone balks at
the mention of EDM?  What about - remember when
Post Malone’s plane crashed and he was like, “You jerks were happy I might have died!?”
- because people were?  Because they don’t like his music?  </p>

<p>People wear contrarianism like a badge of pride. What I’m starting to think,
though, is that this is people putting negativity into the world as a
statement about themselves.  If you’re telling people about who you are
by devaluing what they like, you’re not expressing the best of yourself.
I once had an encounter with an acquaintance where they said three things
in a row that were making fun of me or what I like and I don't remember
what those things were because they don't matter. I only remember how unpleasant
he was to be around and that I chose to avoid that in my future. </p?

<p>That’s actually not really my main point and not what I was thinking when I decided
to write this, but maybe it should be. Anyway, what I was thinking is
that it’s unfortunate we ever write anything off in its entirety.
There is a good version of just about everything and we pass it up in
favor of hating the bad.   Sometimes we do it because it feels
cool to go against the crowd, identifying as “not sheep.”
In other words, we choose to identify with what we aren’t instead of what we are.
Sometimes we do it because something made a bad impression and we
make sweeping judgements about it.  </p>

<p>Being a contrarian means actively choosing to not look for the beauty. </p>

<p>My best personal story of this is going to a bachelorette party
and ending up at a dance club that everyone writes off because it’s
where young, drunk people go to be … young … and… dance?  Why does
everyone hate it?  While I was embracing the realization that I could
have a blast there and dancing the night away, I ended up talking to the
most beautiful man I’d ever met with my garlic breath and
end-of-the-night messiness and one of the first things he asked
me was what music I liked. I told him anything but country.  Well,
it turned out he LOVED country and, after one conversation, I would
have sworn it was the only thing wrong with that man.  I grew up a
liberal in Texas and have always associated country with
conservative small-mindedness.  Country = Trump = bigotry = all
the saddest things in this country. Or… as the country-folk would,
indeed, say:  this “nation”.  Let us collectively shudder.
But I’ll be damned, I ended up getting to know that country
evangelist and through the lens of someone I admired greatly,
I was able to see the fun in country music.  MAKE NO MISTAKE.
There are definitely some shitty-ass country songs (I cuss here.
Your children don’t even read and, if they did, I repel babies.
Get over it!)  But holy carp, y’all, it is a happy genre. The
older I get, the more I value joy over any egoistic pursuits and
that’s much of what it’s really all about - letting loose with
the people you love.  Country folk might crumble America into
the ocean by crashing a hole in the planet with their four-wheelers
and fracking, but they know how to have a good time. I went to
a dance hall with the pretty man and had one of the best nights of my life.  </p>

<p>Anyway, before my praises conjure a man named Earl to come along
and slap me on the ass and call me Candy, I’ll move on and get
back to making my point - maybe loosen up on the things
you’re sure you hate.  Maybe give camping a try.  Maybe forgive
someone who has a couple things about them that you wish were different.
By no means compromise your values or time for someone who is
an energy vacuum, but if you loosen your expectations,
you might just be surprised.</p>
